+++
title = """Intermittent API and UI Irregularities - US and EU Region"""
date = 2024-09-27T02:20:01.000Z
tags = ["newrelic","status"]
+++
Sep 27, 02:20 UTC  
**Resolved** - Between 18:54 UTC on September 26th and 00:14 UTC on September 27th , some customers in the US and EU region using may have experienced intermittent API errors and irregularities rendering the New Relic UI. We resolved this issue and services have returned to normal operations. Data ingest and alert notifications were not impacted.

Sep 27, 00:32 UTC  
**Update** - We are starting to see signs of recovery and teams are continuing to monitor.  
  
Some customers in the US and EU region may have experienced intermittent API errors and irregularities rendering the New Relic UI. Data ingest and alert notifications are not impacted at this time.

Sep 26, 23:07 UTC  
**Update** - We are continuing to investigate an issue where some customers in the US region may experience intermittent API errors and irregularities rendering the New Relic UI. Data ingest and alert notifications are not impacted at this time. Please continue to monitor this page for updates.

Sep 26, 21:57 UTC  
**Update** - We are continuing to investigate an issue where some customers in the US region may experience intermittent API errors and irregularities rendering the New Relic UI. Data ingest and alert notifications are not impacted at this time. Please continue to monitor this page for updates.

Sep 26, 20:50 UTC  
**Update** - Some customers in the US region may experience intermittent API errors and irregularities rendering the New Relic UI. Data ingest and alert notifications are not impacted at this time. Please continue to monitor this page for updates.

Sep 26, 20:06 UTC  
**Update** - We are continuing to investigate this issue.

Sep 26, 19:40 UTC  
**Investigating** - We are investigating a potential service interruption that may impact some customers. Please continue to monitor this page for updates.

[[source]](https://status.newrelic.com/incidents/xy0mj75zz073)
