+++
title = """Scheduled Maintenance for the US & EU Regions - November 9th from 21:00 UTC to 00:00 UTC"""
date = 2024-11-10T00:00:46.000Z
tags = ["newrelic","status"]
+++
Nov 10, 00:00 UTC  
**Completed** - The scheduled maintenance has been completed.

Nov 9, 21:00 UTC  
**In progress** - Scheduled maintenance is currently in progress. We will provide updates as necessary.  
  
If you experience a P1 issue unrelated to the ongoing maintenance and are unable to access in-app support, please email servicestatus@newrelic.com with your company name, contact information, and a description of the issue.

Nov 6, 15:34 UTC  
**Update** - Our maintenance efforts scheduled for November 10th from 06:00 UTC to 09:00 UTC have been rescheduled to November 9th from 21:00 UTC to 00:00 UTC.  
  
Customers in the US & EU regions can expect a short service interruption at some point during this timeframe which may include anomalies for New Relic as described below:  
  
\- inability to render the New Relic UI  
  
\- inability to communicate with various APIs  
  
\- inability to complete a new user sign up  
  
Please note, we do not anticipate impact to data ingest or alert notifications. All further updates will be posted here on our status page.

Oct 25, 15:49 UTC  
**Scheduled** - We intend to perform maintenance on Sunday, November 10th from 06:00 UTC to 09:00 UTC (or Saturday, November 9th from 22:00 PST to 01:00 PST). Customers in the US & EU regions can expect a short service interruption at some point during this timeframe which may include anomalies for New Relic as described below:  
\- inability to render the New Relic UI  
\- inability to communicate with various APIs  
\- inability to complete a new user sign up  
  
Please note, we do not anticipate impact to data ingest or alert notifications. All further updates will be posted here on our status page.

[[source]](https://status.newrelic.com/incidents/n8sl9ccwrxtr)
