+++
title = """Azure Integrations Data and Alerts Missing or Delayed in US and EU Regions"""
date = 2024-01-21T08:00:10.000Z
expiryDate = 2024-01-21T08:00:10.000Z
tags = ["newrelic","status"]
+++
Jan 21, 08:00 UTC  
**Resolved** - Between 01:00 UTC and 08:00 UTC on January 21st, some customers in the US and EU regions may have experienced missing or delayed infra-metrics for Azure integrations as well as delayed or missing alert notifications for related data.  
  
To prevent our customers from receiving a high volume of false positive alert notifications, notifications for affected data were temporarily suppressed during this time.

Jan 21, 07:20 UTC  
**Update** - Azure integration data and alerts have recovered for the EU region. The US region is recovering.

Jan 21, 06:56 UTC  
**Update** - We are continuing to monitor the recovery. Alert notifications for infra-metrics are still impacted.

Jan 21, 06:18 UTC  
**Update** - We are continuing to monitor the recovery. Alert notifications for infra-metrics are still impacted.

Jan 21, 05:44 UTC  
**Monitoring** - Azure integrations are recovering, alert notifications still impacted.

Jan 21, 05:34 UTC  
**Update** - Some customers in the US and EU regions may experience delayed alert notifications and missing or delayed infra-metrics from Azure integrations.

Jan 21, 05:29 UTC  
**Investigating** - We are investigating a potential service interruption that may impact some customers. Please continue to monitor this page for updates.

[[source]](https://status.newrelic.com/incidents/1fmnt05g7vqd)
